Cake Topper Copy:

This classic but modern bride and groom wedding cake topper offers a unique way to express your love on a beautiful day.
This wedding cake topper is laser cut right from 1/4” thick acrylic and also measured flawlessly to fit a 6 inches top tier wedding cake.
The height of the cake topper varies from 4-6 inch.

They’re 3D printed by us; so made from plastic; but still light weight and sturdy enough to last as a memory for years to come.
It is 3D printed and has two stakes on the bottom for sticking in the cake.

Bio:
We are a boyfriend, girlfriend team located in Louisville, KY. 
We specialize in 3D printed home decor items, including planters, 
cake toppers, wedding table decor, and others. 3D printing allows 
for us to create quality, custom products that you most likely 
won’t find in stores. If you have an idea and want to see it printed, 
we can design & print almost any item you have in mind! 

3D Printing is a process which lays down very small layers of plastic, one by one, to create virtually any object. It’s a very slow process when high print quality is desired; each layer is only about 1-2 human hairs tall! Due to the nature of this process, there may be minor imperfections that can easily be fixed if you decide to finish it into a showpiece. Pictures in listings are always representative of final quality (I’m not going to handpick items or do any tricky placement with my photos). With that said, if there is anything you do not like about your order, please let me know and give me a chance to make it right. I strive to make sure you love what the product and wouldn’t hesitate to recommend my service. I’m not perfect but strive to make sure you are perfectly happy with your order!


Vase:
This vase is quadruple-walled and should be watertight, but due to its complex geometric shape, I cannot make guarantees.

Bike vase:
Bicycle vase. Pimp your bike with this beautiful mini bicycle vase. Simple clamping with a rubber band. Vase is made with a 3D printer with PLA plastic. This plastic is made of biodegradable vegetable raw materials (corn starch or sugar cane), and is therefore promoted as a sustainable alternative to traditional plastics from petroleum chemicals. This model is suitable for the wheel of your bike.





